The Awakening of the dry bones.
At first the call was given to come back to the land of Israel the place of our forefathers.
There were those who heard and those who weren't willing to hear the call. 
The evil seemed to be let free and the Nazi regime and sympathizers did what they did. The evil was always there but God's protection was felt less after the call.

And that's the dry bones connected one the two another and created a body as in the state of Israel was created with all the elements of the body, the police, the army, the judicial system, the government, etc. 

This body was created and was built up as no country in the world developed. But the spirit was missing.
The mission of the nation to be the light among the nations was seen by the people of Israel in confusing and conflicting ways, leaving them in turmoil and divided.

The second call came out, the call for the Spirit, few heard it. Like the previous call it wasn't just once, it reverberated again and again. The  call for the Spirit  stretched over decades.
There were those who heard and those who weren't willing to hear the call.
The evil seemed to be let free and the Hamas terrorists and sympathizers did what they did.  The evil was always there but God's protection was felt less after the call.
So we are yet to see the body rise as God's spirit enters it.
That same spirit which connects all the tribes of Israel to be one.
That same spirit which knows its mission to be the light among the nations and by being together is not confused and conflicted.

And with God's Spirit entering it, the nations of the world will fear and renowned Israel. As stated "Then all the peoples of the earth will see that you belong to the Lord, and they will respect you." Deuteronomy 28:10

"They will lick the dust like a snake,
like serpents crawling on the ground.
They will come trembling from their strongholds
to the Lord our God;
they will be terrified of you.
Who is a God like you?
Who forgives sin
and pardons the rebellion
of those who remain among his people?
Who does not stay angry forever,
but delights in showing loyal love?
Who will once again have mercy on us?
Who will conquer our evil deeds?
Who will hurl all our sins into the depths of the sea?" Micah 7:17-19

But not all. We still have Gog and Magog to face.

Challenges and aspirations has the nation of Israel. The call for the Spirit and the anticipation of God's presence shaping your destiny is why you were chosen in the first place.
